Could it be that you want to start a fight?
Come on, you think I'm afraid of you
The president has been operating in Canada for so many years
You know enough people to kill you 100 times
I'll tell you what.
I have the Emperor's gold medal of immunity from death
Who dares to kill?
Shut up, how can you talk to Shopkeeper Li?
When Shopkeeper Xinli reported that you were arrested
Shopkeeper Lin, I'm here this time
I really want to make peace with you
Shopkeeper Lin
I got these in Jiangnan
The local atmosphere of 67 milk tea workshops
All for you
As long as you are willing to cooperate with me
I'll send you another 67 places.
I want so many workshops and local atmosphere now.
What's the use?
I don't have that many restaurants
So you have to cooperate with me
I own a restaurant
You pay milk tea profit
I only need 30%
Hmph, this old fox is really willing to give me 70% profit
Haha, what's his plan?
Manager Lin, you and I are both smart people
If we continue to fight like this, we will only lose both
We might as well cooperate for a win-win situation.
Baggage president
Then I agree to cooperate with you.